---
layout: post
title: ''
tags: []
status: publish
type: post
published: true
meta:
  _publicize_pending: '1'
  original_post_id: '154'
  _wp_old_slug: '154'
---
Heh, just turned babble.pl loose on <a href="http://www.cnn.com/2003/ALLPOLITICS/01/28/sotu.transcript/">a transcript of the State of the Union speech</a>...  Here are some excerpts...


<i>
Mr. Speaker, Vice President Cheney, members of Congress, distinguished citizens and fellow citizens, every year, by law and by the will of free people, who know that freedom is the right of every person and the future of every nation. The liberty and human rights and democracy. Iranians, like all people, who know that freedom is not an option.
--
And this year, for the first time, we are beginning to go through endless lawsuits or command-and-control regulations, but through technology and innovation.
--
I thank the Congress and the American people must act before the State of the Union.
--
In Afghanistan, we helped to liberate an oppressed people, and we should do it now.
--
The North Korean regime will find respect in the world and idealism and faith of the American people.
--
The American system of medicine is a model of skill and innovation, with a people living in fear and starvation. Throughout the 20th century, small groups of men seized control of great nations, built armies and arsenals, and set out friendship, ambition, moral conviction, and reduces all the richness of violence in the affairs of men; free people will set the course of history.
--
We Americans have faith in ourselves, but not in ourselves alone. We will work for a prosperity that is broadly shared, and a focus on essential priorities will be crucial to the future of Social Security. As we continue to see a government that represses its people, pursues weapons of mass destruction and supports terror.
--
I thank the Congress for supporting these measures. I ask you tonight to ourselves.

America and America believes in you.
--
America is a strong nation and honorable in which must now be carried out in every school and in every classroom so that every person and the future of every nation. The only possible explanation, the only possible use he could have for those weapons, Saddam Hussein has not accounted for the remaining 29,984 of these prohibited munitions. He has given no evidence that he guide us now, and may God continue to bless the United States of America.

Thank you.
</i>
