---
layout: post
title: ''
tags: []
status: publish
type: post
published: true
meta:
  _publicize_pending: '1'
  original_post_id: '406'
  _wp_old_slug: '406'
---
&gt; The door is closed.
&gt; The dining hall
&gt; This is Dragons' dining hall. There is a large long solid
&gt; oak table, seating
&gt; at least 24, with heavy, wooden chairs to match. The oak
&gt; panel walls are
&gt; filled with paintings. There are doors to the north and
&gt; east, and to the west
&gt; there is a wide double door opening out onto the sunlit
&gt; terrace.
&gt;
&gt; Diana is here, smiling at you.
&gt; Belrak, the Tauren cleric, looks unhappy about having
&gt; visitors.
&gt; Gefyn, the Tauren cleric, looks unhappy about having
&gt; visitors.
&gt; Jay, standing idly.
&gt; Diana is here, smiling at you.
&gt; Judy is here, smiling at you.
&gt; Nate, standing idly.
&gt; Lenny is here, playing tag and other kids' games.
&gt; A baby crawls about, looking for something to chew on.
&gt; A girl is here, playing jump jacks and other kids' games.
&gt; Emma Kate crawls about, looking for something to chew on.
&gt; Joe looks at you curiously.
&gt; Laura is here, smiling at you.
&gt; Eric looks at you curiously.
&gt; Hitomi is here, smiling at you.
&gt; Eric's Mom is here, smiling at you.
&gt; John looks at you curiously.
&gt; Lacey is here, smiling at you.
&gt; Glen looks at you curiously.
&gt; April is here, smiling at you.
&gt; Alan looks at you curiously.
&gt; Musetta is here, smiling at you.
&gt; Chuck looks at you curiously.
&gt; Ruth is here, smiling at you.
&gt; Janet is here, smiling at you.
&gt; Jeremy is standing here, making sure there is no trouble.
&gt; A mountain lion is roaring at you, ready for a strike!
&gt; A druid is here in meditation.
&gt; The Lord of the Western Realm, clothed in ice-white robes.
&gt;
&gt; Obvious exits:
&gt; North: a door, closed
&gt; East : a door, closed
&gt; West : a wide, closed
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; 
&gt; Jeremy says to Jay 'Hello Jay. How's it going?'
&gt; Nate says to Jay 'Hello Jay. How's it going?'
&gt; Jay says to himself 'What's up Jay?'
&gt; Lord Xiphos Rawulf says to Jay 'What's up Jay?'
&gt; Gefyn says to Jay 'What's up Jay?'
&gt; Belrak says to Jay 'Hello Jay. How's it going?'
